# Programming Language Log
Learn how to program in various languages by keeping track of the languages you'd like to learn and then crossing off the ones you've completed.  You can add a new language to the log by typing in the name of the language you wish to learn into the textbox.  Pressing enter or clicking the "Add" button will add the language to the list.  You can also select the checkbox to add a subtask.  Upon doing so will reveal a hidden textbox that will allow the user to select the programming language that the subtask will belong to.  Each subtask will go directly underneath the programming language, each equipped with its edit and delete button.  The primary programming language also can be updated and deleted.  If the edit button is selected, the user can change the name of the programming language and/or its subtasks.  The user can complete a subtask or an entire programming language by checking the box next to the programming language or any subtasks, which will result in the user seeing the language as completed with a line through the programming language or subtask.  If a user enters an empty field, it'll display an alert box within the browser so the user knows that they must enter a value.  Lastly, the primary tasks (programming languages) have a counter built into the form so the user can see how many tasks are in the log.

**Note**:  I was going to add the counter so it subtracted every time the programming language was complete so it shows how many tasks are left to complete, but I ran out of time for that functionality.  It wasn't part of the assignment, so I was adding this in for a last-minute idea after watching a YouTube video on this idea when researching more about React.  Whether or not I complete this functionality for this project during the semester is unknown, but I'll be working on completing it throughout the summer break to build my experience with React.
